OSDOCS-16402: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials (part 1) (#113885)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-experts-aws-load-balancer-operator-environment.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cloud-experts-aws-load-balancer-operator-environment_{context}"]
= Set up your environment

[role="_abstract"]
You can use environment variables to ensure consistency across the commands within this lab.

.Prerequisites

ifndef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* You've created a link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws_classic_architecture/4/html-single/install_rosa_classic_clusters/index#rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[multi-availability zone (AZ) {product-title} cluster].
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
* You've created a link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html-single/install_clusters/index#rosa-hcp-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[multi-availability zone (AZ) {product-title} cluster].
endif::openshift-rosa-hcp[]
+
[NOTE]
====
AWS ALBs require a multi-AZ cluster, as well as three public subnets split across three AZs in the same (Virtual Private Cloud) VPC as the cluster. This makes ALBs unsuitable for many PrivateLink clusters. AWS NLBs do not have this restriction.
====
+

> * You've created a Bring Your Own (BYO) VPC cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have created a Bring Your Own (BYO) VPC cluster.
```

To keep it parallel.
